optimizer hints: add docs for hint SET_VAR (#14790)
pingcap/docs: optimizer-hints.md

>
> In the above example, if the hint specifies the `QB_NAME` to `sel_2` and does not specify a new `QB_NAME` for the original second `SELECT` query block, then `sel_2` becomes an invalid name for the second `SELECT` query block.

### SET_VAR(VAR_NAME=VAR_VALUE)

> `SET_VAR(VAR_NAME=VAR_VALUE)` can change the value of the specified system variable. This hint can control most variables related with optimizer and executor. Refer to Chapter [System Variables](/system-variables.md) too see which variables is controlled by this hint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SET_VAR(VAR_NAME=VAR_VALUE)` can change the value of the specified system variable at statement runtime without changing the value in current session. This hint can control most variables related with optimizer and executor. Refer to Chapter [System Variables](/system-variables.md) too see which variables is controlled by this hint.
```

```sql

> SELECT /*+ SET_VAR(MAX_EXECUTION_TIME=1234) */ @@MAX_EXECUTION_TIME;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SELECT /*+ SET_VAR(MAX_EXECUTION_TIME=1234) */ @@MAX_EXECUTION_TIME;
SELECT @@MAX_EXECUTION_TIME;
```

```

> Executing the above SQL. The returned value is `1234` which is set by the hint, not the default value of the variable `MAX_EXECUTION_TIME`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Executing the above SQL. The returned value is `1234` which is set by the hint, not the default value of the variable `MAX_EXECUTION_TIME`. The value is restored in next statement. 
```

>
> In the above example, if the hint specifies the `QB_NAME` to `sel_2` and does not specify a new `QB_NAME` for the original second `SELECT` query block, then `sel_2` becomes an invalid name for the second `SELECT` query block.

### SET_VAR(VAR_NAME=VAR_VALUE)

> You can use `SET_VAR(VAR_NAME=VAR_VALUE)` to temporarily modify the value of system variables during statement execution. After the statement is executed, the value of the system variable in the current session is automatically changed back to the original value. This hint can be used to modify some system variables related to the optimizer and executor. You can find the system variables that can be modified using the hint `SET_VAR()` in [System variables](/system-variables.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can temporarily modify the value of system variables during statement execution by using the `SET_VAR(VAR_NAME=VAR_VALUE)` hint. After the statement is executed, the value of the system variable in the current session is automatically restored to the original value. This hint can be used to modify some system variables related to the optimizer and executor. For a list of system variables that can be modified using this hint, refer to [System variables](/system-variables.md).
```
